PUBLISHED FOR THE SOLDIERS OF THE A.E.F.
The Mess Kit
Vol. 1. - N° 1.
FRANCE, JUNE 1919.
One Franc.
AFTER THE SUNSET
When we should have been playing the typewriting machine with touching,
feeling and tender expression an hour ago, the sun was spreading colors over
the western sky, and we halted work to loaf and become homesick. For sunsets
are our religiou over here. We feel like paying our debts and writing to our
girls back home—when the sun is checking out for the day. Not that we ever
do pay our debts, and not that, we write every day to our girls (especially while
we are on duty in Paris), but,—well,—you can bet your last sous that we're
strong for the whistle of the boat that says, "Come on, Yanks,— we're starting
toward the land over beyond the sunset.“
Great days, these,— and sad days, too. Little to do and much to think about
whether we're on the Rhine or on the Seine. Athletics,—yes,—and education
and entertainment,—yes, all of these, but somehow we get to thinking “the devil
with this, the devil with that", and wander from the first thing to the last, while
even Father Time seems to be going round in circles instead of moving forward.
Now, as we write in the spring of the evening, we think of a lot of things and yet
we come back to the ultimate thought and wish,— when are we going home. It
is the purpose of MESS KIT to recall and record some of the pleasant things, the
happier days ever here, that we do not forget our moments of gladness in the
midst of days of mingled memories.
There’s the Peace Conference, for example. We’ve thought of that state of
mind very often of late. We’ve been furious that men belittle Wilson, and we've
been equally furious that some of the things we believed we were fighting for
have been to us obscured and hidden. We've wondered if we were getting a
"fifty fifty" deal from those who have been making peace and history, whether
open covenants ought to be in style this spring, whether lreland was entering the
land of promise and independence bespoken by poets and claimed by valiant
sons. We've thought ot Russia as we have read of Soviats and Bolshevikis, and
we’ve wondered whether the truth would make Russia free from hatred and the
suspicion of all the world. We’ve thought of Germany and somehow, we're
furious—desperately furious that wars have existed and that such forces as
Germany threw against the world have been possible. We want no more wars
and we want a league of nations full strengthened to eliminate wars in the future.
We want the union of peoples of all countries, all trades and classes. We
want direct representation and the elimination of those things which permit
some men and some peoples to profit while others lose. We are not radical—we
are sober, and furiously earnest. We are not revolutionary,—we are conserv-
ative,—wishing to conserve the best things in life and the world. And
finally,—we want to sail into the sunset and away, away, westward toward the
homeland.
CHOW-TIME.
Mess kits,
It’s mess kits.
Shine 'em up, I say.
The K.P.s have a smile on,
So there's something on the way.
Always tell the kind of chow.
By the way the way they're lookin' now.
Mess kits,
It's mess kits.
No rush in the bunch.
l’ve got a solemn feeling.
And l’ve got an awful hunch.
Always know when we get slum—
K.P.'s looking mighty glum.
LLOYD M. THOMAS, Lieut. Inf.
A LITTLE BIT OF SHRAPNEL.
(Tune, A Little Bit of Heaven.“
Have you ever heard the story of your daddy
in the war?
Well, Ill tell you a story that l’ve often heard
before.
He was fighting for his country in a land across
the sea
And this is how your dear old daddy told the
tale to me.
Chorus:
Shure a little bit of shrapnel fell
From out the sky one day,
And it nestled in my shoulder in
A friendly sort of way;
And when the doctor saw it, shure—
It looked so peaceful there,
He said, Suppose we leave it till
You get to Angleterre.
So he sprinkled it with iodine.
To take the pain away,
And I sailed across the Channel on
A bright and sunny day.
And when I got to Blighty, shure,
"I swung the lead" so grand
That, bedad! I soon was back again
In dear old Oireland!
Now, your father was an Irishman, and he
could tell a tale.
And his yarns of love and war, they, shure,
would turn a nigger pale;
He knew so many different W.A.A.C.'s—m’selles
he loved a few—
But you’re too young, ma laddie, so l tell no
more to you.
M. T. Leach
and Cpl. CARMICHAEL.
(Blighty)
A SOLDlERS PRAYER.
Our Father, who art in Washington,
Honored be Thy Name, Thy kingdom
has come and Thy will is no more
done in the A.E.F. than it is at home.
Give us this day our delayed pay and
forgive us our A. W.O.L.s, as we-
forgive our bugler, Mess Sergeant, and
all those who wear bars. Lead us not
in to the Army of Occupation, but
deliver us from the fatigue squad, for
Thine is an Army of M.P.s., Q.M.C.s,
and Field Clerks— for ever and ever.
AH-WEE.