THE MESS KIT.
PAGE ELEVEN.
NEW BRAND OF COCKTAIL.
NOW YOU TASTE
THAT LEMON EXTRACT
AND VIN BLANC MIXTURE
AND IF IT ISN'T JAKE
I'LL BUY YOU A
CHICKEN DINNER
I DON'T KNOW
BUT I'VE GOT
AN IDEA YOU
COULD RUN AN
AUTO WITH THAT
GENERAL ORDERS FOR ENLISTED MEN.
(With due regard to the Mess Kit.)
My General Orders Are :
1. To take charge of all spuds and gravy in view.
2. To wash my mess kit in a military manner, keeping always on the alert
for any stray monkey meat that comes within sight or hearing.
3. To report to mess sergeant all food properly cooked.
4. To repeat all seconds immediately.
5. To quit the table only when satisfied there is nothing left to eat.
6. To receive but not pass on the next man any meat, cabbage, or beans left
by the officers, non commissioned officers, buck privates and K.P.s in the
mess hall, only.
7. To talk with no one while my mouth is full of soup.
8. In case of fire in the mess hall, to grab all eatables left by others in their
escape.
9. To allow no one on or near me to eat faster than myself.
10. In case anything is left unlocked, to allow everyone to steal everything
in the line of chow. 
11. To salute all beefsteaks, chickens, porkchops and liver not cased.
12. To be especially watchful at table and during the time for eating to
challenge anyone who gets more prunes than myself.
THE NINTH INFANTRY COOTIE.
WAR ENDED SOONER
THAN SOME SONGS.
EVERY thing must come
to an end sometime,
but in the case of
certain melodies, the
fault lies with the
singer, and not with
the song. There are
a number of these
theoretically endless songs. They are
never published after the fashion of
Irving Berlin’s productions. No one is
ever invited to try them on their piano.
Like driftwood, or the moat in the
sunbeam, they “just float around”.
Some of them have never been written
in the literal sense of the word, but are
popularized through a catchy tune, a
pleasing swing—anything that serves
to make them appeal to the ear.
One of the best known American
songs of this type, with which the
Yankee soldiers often beguile their
time in camp when they are not “stuck
for a fatigue detail”, is “There was an
old rooster who crossed the road”.
This song is said to have 3,456,727,899
verses, each verse the same as its
predecessors. Up to date no one has
either contradicted or attempted to
prove this statement.
Another old favorite deals with the
adventures of one Mary Ann McCarty
who went out on a clam digging expe¬
dition. At the end of each of the
million or so verses we are informed in
a doleful key that Mary Ann’s search
was unsuccessful.
Practically every American soldier
has either heard or sung the endless
song about the playful grasshoppers,
and “ We have only signed the payroll”,
with its tragic finale, although more
modern, is probably even better known
because of its direct bearing upon
military life.
And the Yanks are not the only ones
who have beçome obsessed with the
endless song crase. Practically every
nation has its continuously continued
melody. Here are a few verses from a
French song of this type. One glance
is sufficient to see that you can go as
far as you like with this song :
Un éléphant se balançait sur une toile d'araignée.
Deux éléphants se balançaient sur une toile
d’araignée.
Trois éléphants se balançaient sur une toile
d'araignée...